Added extra context in the nested string interpolation example (#1070)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/tutorials/nix-language.md

"no no no"
```

:::{dropdown} Detailed explanation

> The `+` sign in the above expression is the concatenation operator. It is one of the many [built-in operators][operators] (`+`, `==`, `&&`, etc.) These operators can be used within `${ }`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any Nix expression where the value can be represented as a string can be used within `${ }`.

The `+` sign in the above expression is the [string concatenation operator](https://nix.dev/manual/nix/latest/language/operators#string-concatenation), which takes two strings and produces a new string.

The expression in the example is deliberately confusing in order to demonstrate that arbitrarily nested string interpolations are possible, but tend to be hard to read.

It denotes a string that contains the interpolation of concatenating the value of `a` with a string that starts with a space and is followed by another interpolated string.
That second interpolated string is again the result of concatenating the value of `a` and yet another string that starts with a space and is followed by an interpolation of `a`.
```
